---
title: "Summer 2021"
layout: post 
---

## School

I decided to take one classe this summer:

- MAT 2717: Processus Stochastiques

This course is a continuation of the probability course. We introduced the 
concept of stochastic process, which is basically a random variable in which 
we need to consider the notion of time. We learned about Markov processes, 
martingales and the gambler ruin's problem.  


## Projects

I was also involved in the following projects:

- Vortex Labs: Training a truck to park itself using reinforcement learning.

This was my first introduction in working in a group projects with more than 
5 people that (a) didn't know each other and (b) didn't share the same 
language. It was also my first introduction to reinforcement learning. 
This experience was much more about understanding the logistics of working 
within a team and what works/doesn't than learning about RL per se, but 
it still taught me about taking adjancy in the projects I do.

## Takeaways

I felt like I kind of felt short this summer. I wanted to work full time 
on the governmental project (Vortex Lab) to learn as much as I can, but 
we weren't really supervised the whole time. The mentors were only there 
to give us business requirements rather than giving us feedback, which was 
a little disappointing, so I ended up spending less time on that project 
than I initially intended. Nonetheless, I still took time to learn a bit 
about differential equations and complex number, but it kind of failed 
since I wanted to do too much at the same time. Nonetheless, this summer 
was a learning opportunity: it's feels better to have a little more stress and 
do more things than to take things easy.

