---
title: "Summer 2022"
layout: post 
date: 2022-05-11
---

# Internship

I got an internship at BnP Paribas as a Junior Data Specialist! My 
main tasks were to automate some ETL processes for batch transformations 
and utilize ML models to modelize employee attrition and improve ESG estimates.
In my 4 months, I was able to:
- Build a dashboard to visualize employee headcount with Flask and modelize 
  employee attrition and headcount needs using LinearRegression, XGBoost and GLM.
  In 2024, my old manager confirmed that this model was still being used by 
  head of AMAC (America and Caraibeans), which is kind of cool to know
- Deploy a Naive Bayes model to filter spam emails from our distributed account 
  and deploy a NLP model to redirect email to the correct deparment with a 
  priority order. Overall, I was able to reduce email manual sorting by 86%
- Build a model to predict ESG score for credit undewritting and load application. 
  However, because this model leveraged neural network, the model didn't have enough 
  explainability to pass USA FCRA and EU GDPR regulations to give a proper ESG 
  score, but was still used to prioritize companies: the one with the better 
  score would probably get the requested loan and get process earlier than 
  the company with the lesser score.

# Takeaways

This experience was my first internship experience and I had a great time!
Most of my time was spent on doing all the fun things a data scientist has 
to do: exploring the data, building the models and a bit of local deployment.
Even though I was an intern, I was lucky enough to have a white card to do 
anything I wanted modelization wise. All and all, I am grateful for this 
opportunity as I learned how to create connections when the department has 
over 500+. big shoutout to my managers Julien and Joelle!

